added conceptual guide (#5141)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/examples/basic_conceptual_guide/Part_4-Inference_Acceleration/Readme.md

> # Accelerating Inference for Deep Learning Models

Reviewer: Please rename all `Readme.md` to `README.md` for consistency/convention.

> Model acceleration is a complex nuanced topic. The viablity of techniques like graph optimizations for models, pruning, knowledge distalation, quantization, and more, highly depend on the structure of the model. Each of these topics are vast fields of research in their own right and building custom tools requires massive engineering investment. It is reasonable to assume that for challenges as complex and important as the aforementioned, a plethora of tools and SDKs would be available. A discussion of the merits and challenges of each tool comes with many "in-general"(s) and caviats. Rather than having an exhaustive outline of the ecosystem, for brevity and objectivity, this disucssion will be focused on the tools and features which are recommended to use while deploying models using the Triton Inference Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model acceleration is a complex nuanced topic. The viability of techniques like graph optimizations for models, pruning, knowledge distillation, quantization, and more, highly depend on the structure of the model. Each of these topics are vast fields of research in their own right and building custom tools requires massive engineering investment. 

Rather than having an exhaustive outline of the ecosystem, for brevity and objectivity, this discussion will be focused on the tools and features which are recommended to use while deploying models using the Triton Inference Server.
```

![Triton Flow](./img/1.PNG)

> Triton Inference Server has a concept called "Triton Backend" or "Backend". Backends are essentially the implementation that executes the model. A backend can be a wrapper around a popular deep learning framework like PyTorch, TensorFlow, TensorRT or ONNX Runtime, or users can choose to build their own backends customized to their models and usecase. Each of these backends have their own specific options for acceleration.

Reviewer: Link to backend repo/doc in mention of backends

> Triton Inference Server has a concept called "Triton Backend" or "Backend". Backends are essentially the implementation that executes the model. A backend can be a wrapper around a popular deep learning framework like PyTorch, TensorFlow, TensorRT or ONNX Runtime, or users can choose to build their own backends customized to their models and usecase. Each of these backends have their own specific options for acceleration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triton Inference Server has a concept called "Triton Backend" or "Backend". Backends are essentially the implementation that executes the model. A backend can be a wrapper around a popular deep learning framework like PyTorch, TensorFlow, TensorRT or ONNX Runtime, or users can choose to build their own backends customized to their models and use case. Each of these backends have their own specific options for acceleration.

Performance tuning of Triton models is discussed broadly [here](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/performance_tuning.md), but this doc will go into more detail below:
```

Acceleration recommendations depend on two main factors:

> * **Type of Hardware**: Triton users can choose to run models on GPU or CPU. Owing to the parallelism they provide, GPUs provide many avenues of performance acceleration. Models using PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX runtime, and TensorRT can utilize these benefits. For CPUs Triton 

Reviewer: > For CPUs Triton

Unfinished thought?

> * **Type of the model**: Usually users leverage one or more of three different classes of model: `Shallow models` like Random Forests, `Neural Networks` like BERT or CNNs, and lastly, `Large Transformer Models` which are usually too big to fit in a single GPU's memory. Each of these category of models leverage different optimizations to accelerate models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Type of the model**: Usually users leverage one or more of three different classes of model: `Shallow models` like Random Forests, `Neural Networks` like BERT or CNNs, and lastly, `Large Transformer Models` which are usually too big to fit in a single GPU's memory. Each model category leverages different optimizations to accelerate performance. 
```

![Decision Tree](./img/2.PNG)

> With these broad categories in considered, let's drill down into the specific scenrios and decision making process to pick the most appropriate Triton Backend for the use case along with a brief discussion about possible optimizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these broad categories considered, let's drill down into the specific scenarios and decision making process to pick the most appropriate Triton Backend for the use case along with a brief discussion about possible optimizations. 
```

## GPU Based Acceleration

> As mentioned before, acceleration for deep learning models can be achived with a wide variety of methods. Graph level optimizations like fusing layers can reduce the number of GPU kernels that are needed to be launched for execution. Fusing them together also makes this process more memory efficient and increases the density of operations. Once fused, we can utilize a kernel auto tuner to pick the correct combination of kernels to maximize utilization of GPU resources. Use of lower precision with techniques like quantization can drastically reduce memory requirements and increase througput. The exact nature of the tactics which can be used to optimize performance differ from GPU to GPU owing to different hardware design. These are a few of many challenges we solve for Deep Learning Practicioners with [NVIDIA TensorRT](https://developer.nvidia.com/tensorrt) which is an SDK focused on deep learning inference optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, acceleration for deep learning models can be achieved in many ways. Graph level optimizations like fusing layers can reduce the number of GPU kernels that are needed to be launched for execution. Fusing layers makes the model execution more memory efficient and increases the density of operations. Once fused, a kernel auto tuner can pick the correct combination of kernels to maximize utilization of GPU resources. Similarly, use of lower precision (FP16, INT8, etc.) with techniques like quantization can drastically reduce memory requirements and increase throughput. 

The exact nature of performance optimization tactics differs differs with each GPU based on its hardware design. These are a few of many challenges we solve for Deep Learning Practitioners with [NVIDIA TensorRT](https://developer.nvidia.com/tensorrt) which is an SDK focused on deep learning inference optimization.
```

> While TensorRT works with popular deep learning with PyTorch, TensorFlow, MxNET, ONNX Runtime and more it also has framework level integrations with PyTorch([Torch-TensorRT](https://github.com/pytorch/TensorRT)) and TensorFlow([TensorFlow-TensorRT](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorrt)) to provide their respective developers with the flexibility and fallback mechanisms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While TensorRT works with popular deep learning frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow, MxNET, ONNX Runtime and more, it also has framework level integrations with PyTorch([Torch-TensorRT](https://github.com/pytorch/TensorRT)) and TensorFlow([TensorFlow-TensorRT](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorrt)) to provide their respective developers with flexibility and fallback mechanisms. 
```

### Using TensorRT directly

> There are three routes for users to use to convert their models to TensorRT: the C++ API, Python API, and trtexec (TensorRT's command line tool). [Refer this guide for a fleshed out example](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/quickstart/deploy_to_triton). That said there are two main steps needed. First, convert the model to a TensorRT Engine. It is recommended to use the [TensorRT Container](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tensorrt) to run the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three routes for users to use to convert their models to TensorRT: the C++ API, Python API, and [trtexec](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/samples/trtexec)/[polygraphy](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/tools/Polygraphy) (TensorRT's command line tools). [Refer this guide for a fleshed out example](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/quickstart/deploy_to_triton). 

That said, there are two main steps needed. First, convert the model to a TensorRT Engine. It is recommended to use the [TensorRT Container](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tensorrt) to run the command.
```

```
trtexec --onnx=model.onnx \
        --saveEngine=model.plan \
        --explicitBatch \

>         --useCudaGraph

Reviewer: Explain why we're using `useCudaGraph` or remove it. Cuda Graphs don't seem to be mentioned anywhere in the doc.

```

> Once converted, place the model in the `model.plan` in the model repository (as described in part 1) and use `tensorrt_plan` as the `platform` in the `config.pbtxt`

Reviewer: Use newer `backend: tensorrt` instead of deprecated `platform: tensorrt_plan`

> Once converted, place the model in the `model.plan` in the model repository (as described in part 1) and use `tensorrt_plan` as the `platform` in the `config.pbtxt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once converted, place the `model.plan` in the model repository (as described in part 1) and use `tensorrt` as the `backend` in the `config.pbtxt`
```

> Apart from just the conversion to TensorRT, users can also leverage some [cuda specfic optimizations](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/common/blob/d4017443199e4f19462360789f5c80b0eb1e4738/protobuf/model_config.proto#L823). 

Reviewer: (note to self, start again here)
